==Description of program's functions==

get_command_type: it gets a char* command as a parameter, from which
it extracts the type (the first word) and writes it in char** command_type.

edit: first, it extracts the location of the picture we want to load
into memory, which is then read byte by byte into the corresponding
locations, also passed as parameters.

save: it extracts the location where the user wishes to save the picture
just like the edit function does, then writes the image byte by byte in
the same fashion it was read.

insert: reads the image to be inserted just like edit does, then writes
it straight into the image matrix with the offsets of x and y, skipping
the pixels that would need to be written outside the image's resolution.

draw_point: draws a square with the center in the coordinates x and y
and side length of specified value.

draw_line: determines whether the interval of [x1,x2] or [y1,y2] is bigger
then applies a formula which takes in a coordinate and calculates the
other one, formula applied on each value in the bigger interval.
For each determined point on the line, draw_point is called in order
to draw it with the desired size.

set: checks whether the user wants to change draw_color or line_width
and saves these values in the spots passed as parameters, to be used
in the other functions.

draw: checks what the user wants to draw (the second word in the command),
then uses the draw_line function accordingly.

fill: this function works by making a "layer" on top of the image:
it starts by marking just the point passed as a parameter, then it
goes to the main image and checks whether its neighbouring pixels
are the same color. If they are, they get marked as well and then
the neighbours of those pixels get checked. This goes on until
no more pixels can be marked. At that stage, the layer is complete
and it has all the pixels that need to be changed to the desired
color, all that's left to do is, for each marked pixel on that layer,
to go to its same coordinates in the main picture and change that
pixel's colors into the desired ones.

main: infinitely takes in commands and passes them to the corresponding
functions, only stops when given the command "quit".
